Add worker-loader (#815)
developit/microbundle: README.md

microbundle -i lib/main.js -o dist/bundle.js --no-pkg-main -f umd
```

> ### Building web workers as inline blobs
> 
> Microbundle is able to detect and bundle workers when building with format `es`
> or `modern`. Consider the following example:
> 
> ```js
> const worker = new Worker('./worker.js', { type: 'module' });
> ```
> 
> And build it like this:
> 
> ```bash
> microbundle --worker-loader
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Building Module Workers

Microbundle is able to detect and bundle Module Workers when generating bundles in the
`es`, `umd` and `modern` formats. To use this feature, instantiate your Web Worker as follows:

```js
worker = new Worker(new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url), { type: 'module' });
// or simply:
worker = new Worker('./worker.js', { type: 'module' });
```

... then add the `--workers` flag to your build command:

```bash
microbundle --workers
```
````

	--jsxImportSource  Specify the automatic import source for JSX like preact
	--tsconfig         Specify the path to a custom tsconfig.json
	--css-modules      Configures .css to be treated as modules (default: null)

> 	--worker-loader    Generate inline worker blobs  (default false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	--workers          Bundle module workers - see https://git.io/J3oSF  (default false)
```
